[Daniel] Stop fussing.
[Laura] I'm just putting
your collar down.
-Would you stop. you are drunk.
-[they laugh]
-[lift] Please select a level.
-We're not moving. why aren't we moving?
Please select a level.
-Did you even press the button?
-No...
See. you are hammered!
[tense music]
I thought you...
How could you?
Why didn't you just
break up with me?
What?
-Daniel...
-Wait...
-What do you mean?
-Look...
You don't need this.
-You don't need this.
-Cherry!
-How could you be so cruel?
-Cruel?
You left me in the hospital.
You didn't even have the
decency to do it in person.
Oh my God...
You don't know what
she told me. do you?
She lied to you too. Wow...
I was wrong. You're not a
snob. you're a psychopath.
-Hey!
-Daniel. let's go.
You want to know what she did?
-She's not to be trusted.
-It's pretty fucked up.
[Laura] You don't
need to hear this.
She told me you were dead.
Daniel...
Yeah. she told me you'd died
and that there was a funeral.
Guess what? I didn't
make the guest list.
But I understand now because
there wasn't a funeral.
I cried my eyes out for months.
You did this to me! What
the fuck is wrong with you?
Mum...?
I can explain.
Please...
[music intensifies]
Daniel?
[phone rings]
[rain falls heavily]
[voicemail] Hey. it's
Daniel. Leave a message.
Daniel. honey. listen.
I know that if you heard
my side of the story.
you would see it differently.
Please just come home.
And please don't talk to anyone
until I've talked to you. OK?
Fuck.
Are you OK? What's going on?
-Have you heard from Daniel?
-No. why?
I was just wondering if he was
going to come home for dinner.
Leave him be. it's good he's
getting out of the house again.
Yeah.
So how's the. uh. Jamal
Kay exhibition going?
Great.
Is it? When were you
last at the gallery?
I heard you haven't
been in for some time.
You keeping tabs on me now?
-It is my name over the door.
-Oh. wow. OK.
It is my name too. my gallery.
Forgive me. I'm stressed.
I have a lot riding
on this business trip.
It's OK.
[sombre music]
[sighs]
[phone rings]
Please pick up. Please.
Daniel?
[voicemail] Hey. it's
Daniel. Leave a message.
I didn't know you
were coming in!
What. am I supposed
to give you notice?
-No. I...
-Listen...
I'd really prefer you not discuss
my movements with my husband.
OK?
Let's. uh...
get Jamal in. I want to talk
to him about the article.
Oh... Um. he came in.
What? When?
-Yesterday.
-And you're only telling me now?
-I... I put it in your calendar.
-But why didn't you call me?
-You were with Daniel...
-What's that got to do with it?
You don't normally pick
up when he's there...
Uh. what did he say?
Um... To be honest. he was a
bit annoyed you weren't here.
Oh my God!
-Look. what can I do?
-No. don't do anything.
-Please.
-Please let me fix this!
No. you know what. Harriet.
I can't do this anymore.
I can't. I'm going to
have to let you go.
[reporter] If auction sales
are a real measure. then...
[doorbell rings]
[Laura sighs]
[soft. gentle music]
There you are! Oh my
God. I was so worried.
Did... Did you lose your key?
No.
Why would you ring
the bell. honey?
-May I come in?
-'Course.
Daniel.
[Laura sighs]
You don't have to punish me.
Did Dad know?
No!
No. of course not.
Good.
-Will you just let me explain?
-Why did you do it?
Because we didn't think
you were going to make it.
The doctors said
it wasn't likely...
You told my
girlfriend I was dead.
-Do you know how fucking insane that is!
-Yes. but there is a reason...
-I'm your son!
-I know. honey.
I know.
Listen. it's complicated.
-I just...
-Ah fuck... Whatever.
We wanted you to get better
without any distractions.
and Cherry wasn't helping...
Can you just leave
me the fuck alone?
[ominous music]
[ominous beat]
Did I scare you?
I did. didn't I?
Why are you here?
Is there something
you need to tell me?
You ruined my life. Laura.
Now watch me ruin yours.
Get out of my house.
-Daniel?
-[Daniel] Yeah. I'm ready.
[music intensifies]
[music ebbs]
[clock ticks loudly]
[sighs]
[intriguing music]
[tyres rumble]
[music intensifies]
-She slashed my tires.
-Do you have evidence it was her?
Who else would it be?
She was at my house.
She threatened me.
You can report criminal damage.
but... that's all we can do for now.
I ju... I know she's going
to try to do something worse.
[sirens blare]
[notification pings]
[man] Can we be sure to wrap that
in cloth as well as bubble wrap
and label it as number 7?
And preferably if we can put it
one per box. then we can. uh...
-Jamal?
-Yeah?
What are you doing?
I'm pulling out. I have
to protect my brand.
What? Why?
It's all over socials.
allegations of bullying.
Toxic work environment.
Jamal... None of this is true.
-Laura. someone's suing you.
-What?
-For unfair dismissal.
-Unfair dismissal?
Wait. is this Harriet? That
was incredibly fair dismissal.
Jamal. listen. this is
career suicide for you.
Walking away from a
prestigious gallery...
I have to align myself with
the right sorts of people.
Actually. you can't pull out right
now. you've signed a contract with me.
I was never sent it.
-Now do you see why I fired her?
-Good luck!
[tense music]
[voicemail] Hey. it's
Daniel. leave a message.
You need to have
a talk with Cherry
and tell her to stop with
her silly little games.
This... this is now harassment.
[bangs on door]
[music intensifies]
[music ebbs]
I come bearing Barolo.
-How screwed are you?
-Screwed.
I seriously don't think anybody is going
to want to be seen working with me.
Everyone's getting cancelled these days.
It's practically a rite of passage.
Oh my God. and I've got my top buyers
flying in for the private viewing.
I'm going to have
to call all of them.
-I'm sorry. darling.
-Oh my God.
-This can't be a coincidence.
-What is it?
I need to tell you something.
OK.
Well. it's... it's Daniel.
he's back with Cherry.
[Isabella scoffs]
He really did hit his
head hard. didn't he?
He's not speaking with me.
Oh.
I... I did something
that I shouldn't've.
I didn't tell Cherry
that he'd recovered.
Well. what did you tell her?
I let her think that he'd died.
-Well. why would you do that?
-I don't know.
-Laura!
-I just...
It was my one chance to
get her out of his life.
She is bad for him.
You said yourself.
she's a gold digger!
No. no. no. no. That
doesn't justify it!
But I was right.
she is dangerous.
She's threatening me. She's
hanging outside of my gallery.
-I need to do something.
-You need to stop.
All of it.
Now.
I really thought you
would understand.
I'm worried about you.
[ominous music]
[music intensifies]
[tense music]
-[Lilith] I get it!
-[Laura] Do you?
People have done insane things
for love since time began
and you thought you were
going to lose your son.
I know. and now I have.
And it doesn't matter what I do.
it doesn't matter how hard I try...
You just think you're going to lose
everything that you care about.
It's not just Daniel. it's...
This girl is coming for me.
I might lose my
reputation. my gallery...
No. no. no that's not going to happen.
You just need to find another artist.
-And I don't mean me.
-Why not?
Come on. Lilith.
The last time you had an
exhibition was what. a decade ago?
And it would probably be the one
thing that could save my gallery.
You're not saying no.
I tell you what. I think you should
take a break from all this worrying.
You look exhausted.
When did you last sleep?
Not since the '80s.
[soft. gentle music]
I want to help you.
You can show my paintings.
Really?
As long as you promise
to take care of them.
-And after all. they are my children.
-I will.
Thank you.
All right. let me see.
Here.
Maybe you should do
this for a living.
You're so beautiful.
Why don't you stay
this time? Let loose.
I can't.
Howard and I...
-Is he waiting at home?
-No. he's away.
Well...
I think you deserve
a little bit of fun.
-You mean. do a lot of drugs?
-Mhm. loads.
[♪The Jesus and Mary
Chain: "April Skies"]
♪ Hey honey what
you trying to say ♪
♪ As I stand here
Don't you walk away ♪
♪ And the world
comes tumbling down ♪
♪ Hand in hand in
a violent life ♪
♪ Making love on the
edge of a knife ♪
♪ And the world
comes tumbling down ♪
[Laura whoops]
♪ And it's hard for me to say ♪
♪ And it's hard for me to stay ♪
♪ I'm going down
to be by myself ♪
♪ I'm going back for
the good of my health ♪
♪ And there's one
thing I couldn't do ♪
♪ Sacrifice myself to you ♪
♪ Sacrifice ♪
♪ Under the April sun ♪
♪ Under the April sky ♪
♪ Under the April sky♪♪
[music fades]
You're back early.
Why are you sitting in the dark?
You OK?
Howard?
What's up?
Why would you tell
Cherry our son died?
Why?
I don't know. it was
impulsive. I just...
I thought we were losing
him. and I... I just said it.
You realise you didn't
just lie to Cherry.
You lied to Daniel.
And you lied to me.
I know.
I'm sorry. I didn't want to.
But you did.
How can I trust you?
You can trust me.
-Can I?
-Of course you can.
OK.
Where were you last night?
[pants]
Tell me.
I was with Lilith.
[sombre music]
Fuck. Laura.
Fuck!
-I just needed to be with someone...
-I'm right here!
I'm right fucking here
doing exactly what you want.
You said you wanted to open
the marriage. I said fine.
You said you were done
with that. I said fine.
I really... really felt like we'd
found each other again. Laura.
And now you go back to that
woman? Who nearly broke us?
What the fuck do you want?
Just tell me. Do you
even know what you want?
You keep pushing me away.
No...
Fuck that. I'm not doing
that anymore. I'm done.
-Are you leaving me?
-I don't know. Laura.
I need to think.
[intriguing music]
[Laura] The point of art is
to make people feel something.
And that's why Lilith's
work made such an impact.
It was raw. It was
unashamedly honest.
I've wanted to show her work
since we were in college together.
and then she won the Turner prize
and stopped returning my calls.
[crowd laughs]
I've been following her
career for many. many years
and I'm just so honoured to be able to
celebrate her and her immense talent.
Umm...
It only took 30 years.
But here we are.
So...
Take it all in. um... thank
you all so much for coming.
Thank you.
[crowd claps]
Thank you. darling.
She's here.
What? The girlfriend?
-I'll handle this.
-Do you want me...
No. no. you just have your
moment. I'll be right back.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
[tense music]
Congratulations.
Why don't we. uh...
-Why don't we talk outside?
-Why. are you kicking me out?
Again? Are you scared I'm going to say
something in front of these people?
I'm not kicking you out.
Just come downstairs
in my office. please.
We can talk there.
[music intensifies]
What do you want. Cherry?
Is that the girlfriend?
The famous first love.
Put that down.
That was Daniel's.
Why did you tell me he'd died?
I wanted to protect my son.
From what? From me?
You want me to answer that after
all the things that you've done?
If you ever try and fuck
with our relationship again.
I will come for you.
Is that why you came
here? To threaten me?
You need to leave. or...
-Or what?
-Or I'll call the police.
[chuckles]
And say what? More lies?
I think you've done enough.
Your reputation's a joke. Your
marriage is hanging on by a thread.
Your son hates you.
I think you should go back
up to your girlfriend.
It's probably all
you've got left.
[music intensifies]
You fucking threaten me
again. I swear to God.
What? What are you going to do?
You going to hurt me?
Now that'd set the art
world talking. Go on. do it.
Go on.
-[Cherry screams] Oh my God!
-[glass smashes]
[music ebbs]
[intriguing music]
[Cherry] She told
me you were dead.
And there was a funeral. Guess
what? I didn't make the guest list.
But I understand now. because
there wasn't a funeral.
You did that to me. What
the fuck is wrong with you?
[tense music]
All that time. he was
alive. It... It's fucked.
And you know what makes it worse?
She knows what grief is. and...
And she put me through it.
She really put me through it.
She got me fired.
made me homeless.
She doesn't sound
like a well woman.
Just promise me you'll
stay away from that family.
I've got to do something.
she ruined my life.
No... Cherry. you'll do
something you regret.
Those kind of people... Nicholas.
the Sandersons. rich people...
They can get away with
anything. but you can't. OK?
I'm not going to be able
to protect you this time.
[knock on door]
What've you done?
Nothing.
Can we talk?
It's OK. Mum.
Did you follow me here?
I... I don't want
to lose you again.
Look. I need you to know that...
I missed you... every day.
Why didn't you call?
I did.
-I called. I messaged.
-I didn't get anything.
Oh my God. she must've...
You know what? It
doesn't matter. OK?
All that matters is
I'm here. asking you...
if you'll give me
another chance.
[gently emotional music]
I've never met anyone
like you. Cherry.
I don't want to meet
anyone like you.
I. I want...
you.
I've just started to get
my life back together.
I know. I'm... I'm sorry.
Can I kiss you?
OK. Yeah. I understand.
I'll leave you alone now.
Look...
If you want to join me later.
I'll be at the Bovary.
I'll wait for you.
It's all right if you. if
you don't want to. but...
I'll wait for you. OK?
[♪The National: "Your
Mind Is Not Your Friend"]
♪ Your imagination ♪
♪ Is in an awful place ♪
♪ Don't believe
in manifestation ♪
♪ Your heart'll break ♪
♪ Don't you understand? Your
mind is not your friend again ♪
♪ It takes you by the hand ♪
♪ And leaves you nowhere...
[music fades]
You came. I didn't
think you would.
Well. I came when
you were in a coma.
even though you were
pretty shit company.
That's a good point.
Can I get a dirty
vodka martini. please?
-Of course.
-Thank you.
So what do we do now?
I don't know.
Is there any world
in which we could...
start again?
-Do I have to meet the parents?
-No...
No. Fuck no. no.
-Good.
-Absolutely not.
She must hate the fact
that you're meeting me.
Don't know.
-But she's upset.
-I have no idea.
I haven't seen her.
I'm going to stay here.
lay low for a bit.
Only you would lay low
in a five star hotel.
Do you want to come up?
I don't know. it feels
like we're strangers.
Yeah. it does.
You wanna come up?
[♪Silk: "Wolf Alice"]
♪ Your broad shoulders. my wet tears
You're alive and I'm still here ♪
♪ As some half-human creature thing
Can you bring life to anything? ♪
♪ Take this to make you better
Though eventually you'll die ♪
♪ If you don't love
me. don't tell me ♪
♪ I've never asked who
and I'll never ask why ♪
♪ It's such a shame. she
used to be so delightful ♪
♪ Well. whose fault is that.
if it wasn't Mum and Dad's? ♪
♪ Well it must be yours.
We'll have none of that. no ♪
[chuckles]
Shit.
-What. have you broken it?
-I've broken it.
-You muppet.
-I am so sorry.
-It's... It's OK.
-Is it?
Yeah. it's fine. I'll
just stay in it forever.
♪ My love it kills me
slowly Slowly I could die ♪
♪ And when she sleeps she hears the blues
And sees shades of black and white ♪
♪ Just looking for a protector
God never reached out in time ♪
♪ There's love that is a saviour
But that ain't no love of mine ♪
♪ My love it kills me
slowly Slowly I could die♪♪
[music fades]
-Morning.
Flat white. right?
Ummmm...
No?
No. Americano?
What is it?
No. I don't... I
don't drink coffee.
Oh. fuck. really?
-Uhh. I'm sorry.
-It's OK.
To be honest. the weeks
before the coma are...
are kinda hazy.
Do you remember this?
You gave it to me.
Why would I give you that?
You don't remember anything?
At all?
We went inside this
old chapel and...
No...
-I'm sorry.
-It's OK. It's OK.
We'll get there.
I'm going to go and pick
up some stuff from home.
Do you want to come
be moral support?
I'd love to.
[intriguing music]
[gasps slightly]
-Sorry. I didn't mean to scare you.
-You didn't.
You sure?
You have something you want to say to
me? If not. get the fuck out of my house!
You know you've lost. Laura.
[♪Ashnikko: "Possession
of a Weapon"]
♪ So you're scared
of me now. huh? ♪
♪ Oh. you scared of me? ♪
♪ Oh. you're scared of me? ♪
♪ I would crawl through
broken glass to get home ♪
-You OK?
-Yeah.
Let's get out of here.
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ So you're scared
of me now. huh? ♪
♪ So you're scared of me now?♪♪
[music fades]
Daniel. how did you find
such a decent rental?
I know. right?
You wouldn't believe how
quickly Cherry found this place.
-Hi. guys!
-She is a badass property wizard.
Even Max Kader was
impressed by her.
-Hugo. can we hire Cherry immediately?
-Hello.
If I'm shown one more place
with a feature wall. I will vom.
We are very happy for you
both. not at all jealous.
Has Daniel worked out how to
use the washing machine yet?
Ha-ha. fuck off.
Aw. I'm just so glad you're
not being breastfed anymore.
Brigitte! Savage from you!
[Brigitte] What? I am.
Do you know what I
really want to know?
I would like to hear the story about
how you guys got back together.
'Cos I've...
I've been trying to
figure it out. you know.
how Cherry managed
to win you back.
Hey. don't be such a bitch.
Bridge. it was a misunderstanding.
Yeah. pretty unfair of Daniel's folks
to blame Cherry for the accident. right?
What?
[tense music]
Is that what Daniel
told you happened?
That's not what happened.
Daniel's mum told me he died.
Wh... what the fuck
are you talking about?
Look... look. guys.
It's. it's complicated.
[Cherry] It's not complicated.
What's complicated about it?
OK. I think we need
another bottle.
[man] Please.
-I thought your mum was bad.
-Oh. please.
Oh. darling. she's the worst. I
don't know how your father does it.
She's an absolute nightmare.
She's a nightmare.
-Do you guys want a top up?
-Daniel. this is divine. what is it?
I am so sorry.
When I saw you out.
I genuinely thought that you'd
moved on really fucking fast.
No. I was a mess. I was an absolute
mess. I thought he was dead.
I cannot believe this.
Look. Laura. she's like
a second mother to me.
I love her.
But recently. she's been
acting fucking bat shit.
I mean. I actually... I got my
friend a job at her gallery.
and Laura fired
her. for no reason.
-Really?
-Yeah. Crazy. babe.
[♪Noga Erez: "Vandalist"]
♪ I sleep with one eye
open. my shoes always on ♪
♪ Ladies. gentlemen. you
really got me looking mad ♪
♪ I dream to be the joker.
my smile is a scar ♪
♪ Ladies. gentlemen. you
really got me looking mad ♪
♪ Coming like a vandalist they
say. you better handle this ♪
♪ They don't want to know where
all the bodies have gone ♪
[instructor] So just settle in.
everyone. we'll start in 5 minutes.
just waiting for a couple
more people to arrive.
♪ You really got me looking...
[music fades]
There would be some Daniel drama
and she'd swan off for weeks.
and I've have to run the
whole shit show on my own.
Then she'd accuse me
of being incompetent!
-You seem really good at your job.
-Thank you!
I was. No honestly. it was
ridiculous. her only focus is Daniel.
You'd think he was a
toddler. [she chuckles]
Did you know she changed all the
security codes to his birthday
because it's the only
thing she can remember?
Really?
-Why did she fire you?
-Literally nothing.
-So wrong.
-It is. isn't it?
-Have you managed to find another job?
-Not yet.
It's because Laura's been telling
everyone how useless you are.
-Is that what's she saying?
-Of course.
It's so unfair people are
hearing her side of the story.
[intriguing music]
You know she did it to me?
She got me blacklisted.
-That's awful.
-She'll do it again.
It just takes one person to
speak out about it online.
I don't know what I'd write.
I'll help you. we'll just tag all
the major galleries. bloggers...
I do know a few journalists
who don't like her.
Perfect. we'll start there and we'll
just keep going until it goes viral.
Let's do it over brunch.
It'll be really cathartic.
[music intensifies]
[music ebbs]
How's the business plan going?
Yeah. good.
I'm proud of you.
Max told Dad he
thinks you'll go far.
Thank you.
[intriguing music]
Holy shit. did you see that?
Is that the team we
don't want to win?
We clap both sides. For at
least the first few goals.
-How many goals are there?
-Oh. lots.
Yeah. you win polo the
same way you win a war.
Whoever can keep
going the longest.
Ah. thank God there's a bar.
[he chuckles]
Look. I... I loved
it when I was little.
My mum used to sneak me
into the commentator's box
so I could look over everyone.
She didn't even like polo.
but she took me all the time.
Same with rugby.
Was your dad into sports?
I mean. obviously not polo.
No.
Sorry. that was a... that
was a stupid thing to say.
I just meant I know how lucky I am to
have parents that did so much for me.
Especially my mum. she
was... she's incredible.
[she sighs]
What?
Why didn't you tell your
friends what really happened?
[spectators clap]
-It sounds crazy. I guess.
-It's only fair they know what she did.
Otherwise I look like
a... cold-hearted bitch.
What? No one thinks that.
-Why can't you just tell them the truth?
-Because...
It's my mum.
Like...
I know she fucked up.
but she's still my mum.
-She's always going to be part my life.
-Daniel. she literally tried
-to ruin my life.
-Look. I don't want to have an argument.
[spectators cheer]
I'm going to get us
some more drinks.
[intriguing music]
[Laura] I mean the point of art
is to make people feel something.
and that's why Lilith's
work made such an impact.
Listen. I wanted to show her work ever
since we were in college together.
But then. of course.
she won the Turner prize
and she stopped
returning my calls.
Please enjoy and take it all in.
thank you very much for coming.
Thank you.
Congratulations.
Uh. why don't we speak
downstairs in my office.
If you fucking threaten me
again. I swear to God...
What? What are you gonna
do? You gonna hurt me?
I bet the art world would
love to hear about that.
Go on. do it. Do it. Laura.
You know what? I'm not like you.
-I know when to stop.
-Ah. fuck off. Laura.
Daniel's going to come to his senses
and realise who you really are.
[Cherry giggles]
-Sooner than you think.
-Really?
Because you're nothing but a cheap
little whore with a bad temper.
And I'm going to do
everything in my fucking power
to get Daniel out of your life.
[music intensifies]
OK.
[glass shatters]
You're fucking crazy.
[Cherry] Oh my God! Oh my God!
She just attacked me.
She just... she just... Don't
let her come anywhere near me.
Don't let her come anywhere
near me. She just attacked me.
Oh my God. Oh my God.
[pants]
I can't do this. I can't...
I can't do this.
[Daniel] What are you doing?
Stop it.
Hey! Wha... Cherry.
what's going on?
Oh my God. Cherry.
-what... what's happened to you?
-Let go of me.
-No. no. I'm taking you to the hospital.
-No. no. no!
-You might need stitches!
-I don't want to go to hospital!
OK. you have to tell me
what's going on right now.
I can't do this anymore. I can't
do this anymore. My mum was right.
I should've stayed away. I
just... I want to go home.
Hey. hey. hey. slow down.
Slow down. What's happened?
I can't tell you.
You won't believe me.
Yes I will. Tell me.
-I went to see your mum.
-What did you do?
-I didn't do anything. Daniel!
-Sorry. sorry...
-I'm not a monster. I went to talk.
-OK. OK. OK. I'm sorry!
I just wanted to make peace.
And she went fucking crazy.
And she shouted at me in
front of the whole gallery.
And then took me
into her office.
And I. and I tried to talk to
her and she just got so angry...
What are you saying? My mu... my
mum would... never hurt anyone.
She'd never hurt anyone? Daniel!
Have you forgotten
what she did to me?
You still don't get
what she put me through.
I nearly lost my
fucking mind with grief.
You still don't see who she is.
-Cherry...
-I don't think you ever will.
You know what? I can't. I can't.
-Wha...
-I love you. but I can't do this.
No. wait. wait. Let me...
Your mum cannot be
in my life anymore.
Let me at least look
at the cuts. OK?
Let me clean you up.
Jesus. Cherry. You
can't go home like this.
Please.
Last wipe.
Hey.
What are you doing?
I knew you were the one
the first time I met you.
You thought I was a wanker.
but I knew.
I bought a flat just
so I could talk to you.
I wanted to spend
every day with you.
Every night.
I just... I just like
being close to you.
I'm not losing you again.
I can't.
I'm choosing you.
Cherry Laine...
will you marry me?
[music fades]
[intriguing music]